[Music]
twelve things your dog hates about you
when you get a dog your life becomes way
more fun now you have a best friend
who's waiting for you to come home every
evening and lightens up your mood no
matter the circumstances every dog
unconditionally loves his or her owner
but there are quite a few ways you can
get your dogs mad without even realizing
we collected 12 of these annoying habits
that our beloved pets don't fancy at all
did you know that most dogs don't like
it when you pat their heads course every
pet is different but it's still useful
for every dog lover to know these little
things number 12
hugging your dog we might think that
there is nothing wrong about wrapping
our arms around our pets but in fact
most dogs don't like it the closest dogs
get to the human hug is by putting their
legs over the shoulders of others but in
the dog world it is considered to be a
controlling act that's why some dogs
simply tolerate a hug while others may
see it as an act of dominance and won't
enjoy it that much 11 using words more
than body language since dogs can
understand what we say apart from maybe
a few phrases they need to read our
gestures to figure out what is wanted of
them so mixing verbal and physical
commands can be quite confusing for our
animal buddies always try to make small
gestures while explaining different
commands to your dog that way it'll be
easier for your pet to understand you
and do the right thing
number 10 patting their heads
[Music]
reaching out and petting a dog is normal
for us while many of them will put up
with their heads being tapped most of
them don't really enjoy it like the rest
of us many dogs don't like it when their
personal space is invaded your pet
realizes that it's an act of love and
approval therefore he or she would
probably be happier if you would pet the
back or rear instead of the head 9
keeping eye contact
[Music]
we can stare into the eyes of our furry
friends for as long as we want but
keeping eye contact with a dog that
doesn't know you is inadvisable as it
can trigger aggressive reactions again a
lot of the human world rules don't apply
to the dog world even if you're trying
to look friendly and smile looking a dog
right in the eyes without blinking may
be seen as the act of assertion and
dominance if you want to communicate
with a new dog don't try to make a
strong eye contact instantly just slowly
come closer and quietly talk to him or
her ate lacking rules and structure dogs
insist on an organized routine and they
need to know where their limits are
sticking with structure and enforcing
rules will comfort them and help build
their trust in you
Plus dogs don't understand the concept
of an exception it's better for them
when the rules are strict and simple
that way there will be no room for
confusion number 7 keeping them on a
tight leash
[Music]
dogs are masters at interpreting our
thoughts and feelings through the leash
holding it tightly signals to them that
you are stressed that makes them uneasy
to keeping the leash loose tells them
that everything is fine and they can
calm down as well in any case a tight
leash is just overall uncomfortable for
any dog it's much nicer when your pet
feels a little more free to run and play
number six not letting them explore and
smell exploring their surroundings by
smelling things is the ABCs of a dog if
you don't let your dog take some time to
sniff around it may well miss on a
chance to soak up the world outside your
door most of the dogs are fascinated
with the outside world and they try to
use any opportunity to explore every
little thing for them it's a space full
of magic and wonders so give them a
chance to find out something more about
it number five forcing them to interact
with dogs and people they don't like
pushing a dog to face the fears and make
contact with other dogs or strangers
that they are afraid of or simply don't
want to interact with is often very
counterproductive and can even be
retaliated with a bite do you like when
others force you to talk to the people
you can't stand probably not the same
thing applies to your dog your pet has a
unique personality of his or her own and
if they are not up to interacting at the
moment you should respect that
number four being tense
[Music]
being experts at reading our body
language dogs easily mimic exactly how
we feel every pet gets very attached to
his or her owner and even starts acting
the same way sometimes it's no wonder
that dogs and their owners sometimes
have the same character so most of the
time more anxious you are the more
worried your dog becomes if you want
your pet to calm down you need to calm
down first
3 being boring an owner who is busy
doing dull chores around the house and
showing little interest in playing is
every pets nightmare dogs start to feel
alone after a whole day by themselves
and when you finally come home they need
at least a little bit of your attention
so make sure you spend some joyful time
with your loyal friend who has been
waiting all day to see you
number 2 exposing them to strong smells
even though dogs love to explore the
world by smelling everything around they
are about 10,000 to 100,000 times more
sensitive to smells than we are because
of this they don't like to be exposed to
strong sense
just imagine the discomfort of a strong
smell and multiply it by 10,000 that's
how your dog feels so when you are
planning to use anything that may
disturb their smell do them a favor and
remember to do it while they are a good
distance away number 1 bathing them
[Music]
the strange sound of water running
through the pipes and the unusual
feeling of it being poured on the
Ferreria are the main reasons why dogs
hate taking baths sometimes the bathtub
floor can also be quite uncomfortable
for your dog try placing a slip
resistant mat in the bottom of the tub
to solve this problem use a shampoo that
is formulated solely for canines and be
sure the water is warm but not hot try
to make a necessary bath time fun for
your dog believe us he or she will thank
you for it which one of these points did
you find the most surprising do you do
any of these things on a daily basis let
us know in the comments below and if you
want to see more videos about pets hit
the like button below the video
[Music]